Update develop-in-the-cloud.md (#2988)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/API/rotate-token.md

```

* Find your `YOUR_USER_ID` by reading [How to find your user ID](/faqs/Accounts/find-user-id).

> * Find your `YOUR_CURRENT_TOKEN` by going to **Profile Settings** -> **API Access** and copying the API key.

Reviewer: Nice catch!

```

* Find your `YOUR_USER_ID` by reading [How to find your user ID](/faqs/Accounts/find-user-id).
* Find your `YOUR_CURRENT_TOKEN` by going to **Profile Settings** -> **API Access** and copying the API key.

> * Find [`YOUR_ACCESS_URL`](/docs/deploy/regions-ip-addresses) for your region and plan.

Author: ```suggestion
* Find [`YOUR_ACCESS_URL`](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/regions-ip-addresses) for your region and plan.
```
